Add section on Astronomer Registry to Docs (#271)
astronomer/docs: cloud/develop-project.md

To rebuild your project after making a change to any of these files, you must [restart your local environment](develop-project.md#restart-your-local-environment).

## Explore Airflow Providers and Modules

> As you customize your Astronomer Project and expand your use case for Airflow, we recommend exploring the [Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/), a central library of Airflow modules, providers and DAGs that become the building blocks for your DAGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you customize your Astronomer Project and expand your use case for Airflow, we recommend exploring the [Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/), a library of Airflow modules, providers, and DAGs that serve as the building blocks for data pipelines.
```

The Astronomer Registry includes:

> - Example DAGs for many data sources and destinations. For instance, an example DAG that [showcases a data quality use case with Snowflake and Great Expectations](https://registry.astronomer.io/dags/simple-great-expectations-snowflake-el).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example DAGs for many data sources and destinations. For example, you can build out a data quality use case for Snowflake and Great Expectations based on the [Great Expectations Snowflake Example DAG](https://registry.astronomer.io/dags/simple-great-expectations-snowflake-el).
```

- Documentation for Airflow providers, such as [Databricks](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/databricks), [Snowflake](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/snowflake), and [Postgres](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/postgres). This documentation is comprehensive and based on Airflow source code.

> - Documentation for Airflow modules, such as the [PythonOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow/modules/pythonoperator), [BashOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow/modules/bashoperator), or [S3ToRedshiftOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/amazon/modules/s3toredshiftoperator). These modules include guidance on how to set Airflow Connections and parameters for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documentation for Airflow modules, such as the [PythonOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow/modules/pythonoperator), [BashOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow/modules/bashoperator), and [S3ToRedshiftOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/amazon/modules/s3toredshiftoperator). These modules include guidance on how to set Airflow connections and their parameters. 
```
